there are innumerable problems that you'll encounter. I think the way
to root out problems is to establish a positive culture. Uh, if people
feel like they belong in a positive way, it goes a long way to ensuring
that those problems still enterprise. If you expect. If you show
your subordinates that honesty is important, just for example, then
they will emulate you. You'll have. You'll, of course, have some
folks in your command that won't take to that type of leadership. But
if you show qualities that air considered morally good, um, people
will take that on board. They will know what the expectation is and
that in itself can root out any problems that might exist if things
were so bad that when you take a new leadership position that their
specific things you need to eradicate and perhaps some draconian measures
might be needed again, respect is essential. A lot of times
you hear stories about in the various shops say in an aviation squadron,
but it could apply to any type of unit. Uh, things were going behind
going on behind closed doors that aren't necessarily on the up
and up. Um, you need to figure that out and ensure that if a thing
that is improper is going on and I mean inter personal relationships
to professional relationships, to just doing things the right way in
in the policy handed down, if things aren't happening in that in that
respect, if people are cutting corners that you need to make sure
people know that that will not be tolerated, and that can require
some draconian measures sometimes.